Stop event bubbling (#47)
vtex-apps/slider-layout: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Fixed

> - Be able to click the navigation buttons when they're placed inside a link (prevent event bubbling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Navigation controls would not work when the `slider` was placed inside an `<a>` tag. This is the case if you were to place a `slider-layout` inside of a `product-summary`.
```
